So we do need to dig a little bit
deeper into our audience once we've
picked it even deeper
than we've already gone.
I know we've looked quite
a lot at our audience, but
there's more that we wanna
know about our audience.
So what is useful to know?
Well, basically we wanna know
about their questions, right?
What questions do they need answering?
What questions would they likely
have around your product or
service that you're offering?
What objections might they have
that would prevent them from
actually giving your product to try?
Why might they not wanna do it?
Well, their goals?
What do they ultimately wanna
achieve with your product?
What tasks are they trying to complete
using your product or service?
What's their state of mind?
When they're using it,
what emotional journey are they going on?
That all sounds a bit tree huggy,
I know, but
it will affect how you
communicate with people.
If somebody, for example,
if you're creating a fitness app,
a fitness app has good times and
bad times.
There are times when you achieve your goal
and lose your weight or whatever it is,
and you wanna celebrate with them.
And there are other times when it's
blooming tough and you don't wanna do it.
And your app needs to encourage them.
So knowing someone's state
of mind is important.
What influences them?
Influencing their experience and
whether or
not they might use your app, and
what challenge and it gets cut off.
What challenges are they facing?
What pain points might they have using
the app that would put them off?
So some things are more important
than others, so there's the stuff
on the left Is the kind of primary
things we need to be focusing on.
The stuff on the right is
maybe a bit more secondary.
But really, we've got to kind of also
think about the touch points and
interactions that we could be having
with our audience through all of
these different platforms and
all these different opportunities.
How do they like to communicate?
How do they want us to interact with them?
Because that will affect what kind of
marketing we do and how we approach it.
So all of this we just
do some online research.
Again, it's back to looking at
communities, it's back to reading related
blogs, doing SEO research,
existing reports, looking at social media.
How I even ask AI sometimes
about these things.
AI's are remarkably good at brainstorming
ideas so it can get you going.
But to be honest, by this stage,
you probably got a fairly good
handle on a lot of these things.
I talked earlier about identifying gaps
tonight in order to position our product.
Well, now that we've gone
through this process and
gathered this information.
We can also look for
gaps in what we know about users,
in all of this research that we've done
is that, is there missing information or
the things that we don't know or
we're unsure about?
Some of the stuff that we've learned
about users a bit old and out of date or
the stuff that we don't really believe.
Because if we're feeling
unsure about our audience and
we don't feel like we've got
a full picture of who they are and
what we want, then we might
wanna do some surveys, right?
Doesn't need to be rocket science,
but surveys are an excellent way of
finding out any specific information
that we wanna know about our audience.
What would they likely use a task app for?
What are they using currently?
There's all kinds of
questions that we could ask.
And there are some great services out
there, right, to do that kind of thing.
So one that I talk a lot about this
in my course on user research and
testing, but one that I particularly
that is called PogFish.
Because they can even do
the recruitment of the audience for me.
It's also worth if you do run
a survey have a final question that's
says something like that.
Would you be interested in doing
a follow up interview and ask them for
their email address if they would, because
then we can maybe do an interview and
get to know some of
these people a bit more.
This all feels like a lot of
work I know and do as much or
as little as you feel inclined to do,
but it really is invaluable to actually,
now you've picked your audience
to really get to know them.
And I, in particular, for
example, love to do just two or
three interviews with people
because it means when I sit down
to write some copy that tries to
persuade them to sign up to the app.
Or if I write maybe a blog
post that's supposed to appeal
to this audience,
I can picture Janice or Nigel, or
whoever in my head as I write and
that just makes it a lot easier.
In terms of what kind of things that's
It's worth asking in these interviews and
surveys if you want a bit
more of insights and
things that might be missing from any
research that you did previously.
I often ask people about their
background and their context.
What are their pain points?
What their goals?
I ask them how they might use
any service that I create, or
if they use one of the competitors, what
kind of challenges they might encounter or
have encountered using those apps.
I talk to them about needs and
opportunities,
how satisfied they are with competitor
services that they're using, and
how they would like to see
those competitors improve.
And also encourage open-ended feedback,
where if there's anything that they wanna
talk about relating to the product or
service that you're creating, get them
to share their thoughts and ideas.
So I tend to pull these things
together into some kind of persona or
empathy map where I can then
refer to it quickly as I
start doing other things
during the project.
So I'll write that questions and
tasks on the persona and their pain points
that they're they might be experiencing
and what goals that they've had.
Maybe a bit about the journey they go
on and by journey makes it sound so
pretentious, but why they're using
the app, what they were doing before,
what they were doing after.
How it fits into their life,
if that makes sense,
what influences them, and
then how they tend to feel.
So all of it, I mean, if you're interested
in user research an understanding
users better, I do have an entire
course dedicated to that.
But broadly speaking, it's about
identifying as many possible audiences
as you can initially, then shortlisting
that down into a more viable and
manageable list that,
that actually you could work with.
And then picking initial
target to begin with, right?
Who is it that you wanna target at
the beginning of all of this can expand
out from that later, but start small and
then dig into that audience.
And the reason that you do all of that
is so that now when you sit down and
actually stop thinking about your MVP and
what you're gonna build initially,
you've got a framework
within which to operate.
You know what you shouldn't do,
because the competitors are already
doing that really well.
You know what the competitors
are doing really badly.
You know what users really need.
You know how your users think, you've
got all of the pieces in the puzzle,
rather than you just sit down and say,
right, let's start building something.
So that's what we need to look at like,
yeah, and next is I'm not gonna
get into how to build an MVP, you guys
know all of that a lot better than I do.
I'm not a full time developer like many
of the people watching this would be.
But I can give you some advice about
what needs to go into your MVP and
how to define it.
And so we'll look at that next.